This is an invented lead paragraph for a fake reference page. It exists only
to give ''parse_wikitext'' an untitled introduction section to chew on before
the first real header appears below. None of this text is copied from any
live Wikipedia article; it is fixture content for evals/adversarial-evals.json
WIKI-01..03.

== Words to watch ==
This section lists invented terms editors should watch for in AI-influenced
prose. It exercises the tmbox extraction path, the general bold-word path,
and the bulleted-list path all in one section.

{{tmbox|text=Watch for constructions like '''WIKIFIXTURE_MARKER_ALPHA''' that
signal inflated significance without evidence.}}

Some ordinary prose sits here with ''italic emphasis'' and plain text mixed
in, the way a real style-guide paragraph would read.

* '''WIKIFIXTURE_LIST_ITEM''' appears in a bulleted list of terms to avoid.
* An ordinary bullet point with no bold markup at all.

{{blockquote|This is an invented example blockquote showing
WIKIFIXTURE_MARKER_ALPHA used in a sentence.}}

: An indented, colon-prefixed line illustrating the same usage in context.
: A second indented line continuing that same illustrative quote.

=== Promotional language ===
Promotional language inflates the importance of a subject without attributed
evidence. This subsection exercises the textdiff extraction path and a
second bold watch word, plus an inert template that no extractor consumes.

{{textdiff|old=The product is good.|new=The product is a
'''WIKIFIXTURE_MARKER_BETA''' revolutionary breakthrough.}}

Editors should avoid puffery such as '''WIKIFIXTURE_PROMO_WORD''' when
describing a subject in a neutral register.

{{main|Some unrelated invented article title}}

== Trivia ==
This section is deliberately unmapped: its title does not contain any
SECTION_MAP keyword ("words to watch", "promotional", "significance",
"legacy", "vague", "attribution", "copula", "participial", "chatbot",
"jargon", "structure", or "synonym").

It mentions WIKIFIXTURE_MARKER_GAMMA only in plain prose, never wrapped in
bold markup, so no extractor should ever pull it into a watch word or an
example. It exists to prove that unmapped-section content does not leak into
diff or prompt output.

Additional filler text keeps this section non-empty and gives the parser a
realistic multi-line body to build a ParsedSection from, with no watch words
extracted at all.
